§

§ is a person who can not start a sentence with ‘I’. In a conversation, § always thinks of others’ perspective before itself. § is made out of water. In this world, instead of §, everything is spiky cactuses. Therefore, § serves these cactuses, cares for them, waters them and gets hurt by them. § gets needle holes on its body each day and ends up looking like a reverse cactus.

§ tries to speak about these holes. However, § can not say ‘I’ since § is made out of water and water always reflects others' opinions. § tries to be spiky water and mimicking others to defend itself, but § often forgets how to be angry and § is also bad at being spiky. Therefore, most of the time, § stays in the flexible water form. In the water form, instead of saying ‘I’, § always starts the sentence with ‘sorry’.

§ lives in a grey corner of this world. It’s a Friday, a cactus named K is knocking on §’s door with an upset beat. K is always very opinionated about everything in this world. For K, there is right and there is wrong. There is no grey area in K’s opinion.

“Hi?” § opens the door a tiny bit and sounds very anxious.
“Dude, something is very wrong about you! We need to TALK!” K’s voice is very loud and every time there is an ‘i’ sound in his sentence, § 's water body wiggles and a spike from § grows.
§ has several doubts just by the sentences K just said. First, § is not a dude. Second, § doesn’t really like to talk. Third, K is looking very spiky and scary. However, seeing K is quite upset, § doesn’t mention the doubts since all § wants is first to calm K down. Also, K hasn’t gotten to his point yet. For this reason, § decided to listen first. After this train of thought went by §’s brain, § replied “Sorry… Ok… What's the 'wrong' that you mentioned?”
K has a big sigh and becomes more spiky which breaks the door of §’s house. K doesn’t notice he broke §’s house cause it is made out of water. K says, “You are in this grey corner, you should be on my side which is the right side! It is a big mistake to live like this. How dare you?”

§ is freaking out since the house started to collapse. § is angry and crying but K is not aware of any of it since § is made out of water. § wants to respond to its opinion but § can not say ‘I’ and its body is reflecting K’s standpoint which makes some sense in some way. Yet, § still tries to grow spikes and speak up. In K’s vision, § is just keeping its silence like it agreed. Then K says, “Hey! Listen! I am not being mean. I just think I need to let you know!”

After dropping his opinion, K left. § is very angry and full on spikes now. § carefully walks out the house which is half damaged. § try to find a standing point on the spikes it just grew. Other cactuses see § and scowl. They comment on §, “Uhh! Stop being so offensive!”
§ reflected all the opinions and feeling bad to be this spiky. Then, § turn back into crystal clear water. 
